The Battle of Neighborhoods - Week 1

Introduction & Business Problem:
Problem Background:
New York City has a population of 8M, offering infinite things to tourists and its citizens, where restaurants play a very important role which gives New York City a unique taste. According to answers.com, there are more than 20,000 restaurants listed by the New York City Department of Health.

Problem Description:
Due to its nature of multiple ethnics, it’s a problem for those who wants to start up a restaurant: which borough, neighborhoods and even venues are the best choice? What should be considered if we want to make a prioritized list of available places by doing some data analysis?
When exploring this problem, the first idea coming up is, we want to find a place with most population but least restaurant density. The other choice is the ratio between the GDP or average income per person versus the number of restaurants. 
And we want to find out such kink of lists for each restaurant types: Chinese, Jewish, Italian, etc.

Target Audience of this research will be those who want to start up a business (especially a restaurant) in a big city like New York City.

The Data:
1.	Foursquare API gives data of boroughs, neighborhoods, venues, venue categories and their LngLat data.
2.	New York City restaurant list:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_restaurants_in_New_York_City
There are coordinate data for each restaurant if following the links.
3.	New York City Community areas, where we can find out the areas and population / square KM  of each CB:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neighborhoods_in_New_York_City

The solution:
1.	Work out a list of restaurants together with their types and the neighborhoods from Foursquare data.
2.	Work out a list of population per square KM for each neighborhood.
3.	Work out a function to give the prioritized list ordered by least number of restaurant / pop. Per square KM, by giving a restaurant type as the parameter.

Success Criteria:
The success criteria of the project will be giving out lists of prioritized list of neighborhoods for each restaurant type in New York City.
